# Dog Finder

## Description

### General Requirements

Start by having users input their name and email on a login screen. Use this data to authenticate with our service by hitting the login endpoint detailed in the API Reference section.

Once authenticated, users land on a search page to browse available dogs. This page must adhere to the following specifications:

- **Filtering**: Users must be able to filter the results by breed.
- **Pagination**: Search results should be paginated.
- **Sorting**: Results should be sorted alphabetically by breed by default. Users must have the option to adjust the sorting order to be either ascending or descending.
- **Display**: All fields of the Dog object (except for the ID) must be displayed.
- **Favorites**: Users should have the option to select their favorite dogs from the search results. A match is generated by sending all favorited dog IDs to the `/dogs/match` endpoint once the user completes their search. Display the results of this match as you see fit.

Get creative with additional features to showcase your strengths, beyond the minimum requirements.

### Additional Requirements

- **Hosting**: Your application should be hosted online for public interaction.
- **Code Repository**: Source code must be stored in a Git repository and hosted online (e.g., on GitHub).
- **Documentation**: Include all necessary documentation to run the application locally.

### Submission

Submit your application by providing links to the deployed site and your public code repository via Greenhouse.

## How to Run the Project

This project is built with React and can be run locally with a few simple steps:

1. **Install Dependencies**:

   - For npm users: `npm install`
   - For yarn users: `yarn install`

2. **Start the Project**:

   - For npm users: `npm start`
   - For yarn users: `yarn start`

3. **Access the Application**:
   - Open your web browser and navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the application.

Ensure you have `node` and either `npm` or `yarn` installed on your machine to follow the steps above successfully.
